Update short descriptions of sample apps (#132)
miroapp/app-examples: examples/blob-maker/README.md

### About the app

> This sample app shows how to create dynamic blob SVGs on the fly, which you can then drag and drop to a Miro board. Built with the Web SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample app shows how to create dynamic blob SVGs on the fly, which you can then drag and drop to a Miro board. This app uses the Miro Web SDK.
```
